Add no-DAS validator node type (#184)
LazyLedger/lazyledger-specs: src/specs/node_types.md

    - Fraud proofs:
        - State transition: produce, consume
        - Erasure coding: produce (partial), consume

> 1. Validator nodes are identical to full nodes, but can additionally created consensus messages (proposals, votes, etc.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Validator nodes are identical to full nodes, but should additionally create and sign consensus messages (proposals, votes, etc.).
```
